The main training that we get when you have somebody who's thinking about
suicide is to not keep it to yourself. Uh, you go to the victim's
advocate and you let them handle it. Um, the first thing that you
want to do is number one. Um, listen to them. Let them chat with you.
The next thing that should be on your mind is to not leave them by
themselves, where they're gonna be sent. They should be with someone,
be it you or someone that you send with them. Um, and the third thing
is, um, after they're in good hands is to follow up with them,
Let them know that you know you as a supervisor and you as a ship, you
care about them and their well being.